[Autogenerated] Whilst we have covered both consuming and producing messages,
there is one final scenario that spring Cloud contract supports.
Some services can be both for provider under consumer at the same time,
which can intrinsically linked chain of messages together.
For example,
if we were to send a mashes to a Micra service that I'm receiving that message,
it may output another message.
This emperor output pattern is more common than you might think.
For example,
it could come from implement in a synchronous request reply call
from a consumer or even for an asynchronous flowed.
It still results in message chaining ive away.
This interaction can still be captured in a contract just like the other ones.
So to capture this interaction, we start with a contract is normal.
The core difference this time is that when we declare an import,
we declare an important message rather than a method trigger.
The content of this is straightforward containing acute,
and a message comes from a body and some Hatter's.
Following this, we declare an output message just slight before. There's no difference in this part from our previous contracts